Hi, guys.
Welcome.
Now, what we're going to be doing, this lecture is over here.
Have an icon widget.
And over here, we're going to have the song name widget.
Okay, now, to do this, we're gonna need to go back to.
We call it.
Okay.
Now, in my splenic, Sean, you can see both widgets are going to be displayed horizontally.
So for this, we're going to be needing what's a row widget, and we're going to have this row widget
right after the test because we want it to go right under the cover test widget.
Okay.
So over here, we can then have a row.
And as you know, you can take multiple widgets.
So it's ask the children and the first child is going to be an icon, widgets.
And they're just going to say icons.
That's.
Music.
Music on the score notes.
Okay.
And we can give his size to this.
This is going to be the size of 15.
Is your contract necessary?
And go check it out.
You're going to sit over here and we can make sure the color is white.
You can see the icons, the icon widget as a property known as color.
So colors the whites.
Okay.
Is controlling the save.
And we can audit trail commerce as well.
Okay.
Okay, okay.
And now we can then have the other widget.
Okay.
There's going to be test widget, right?
And is he just going to say some name and we can give some cited is and the test.
We can just say font.
Size to be 15.
We don't want it to be that big and it can't just make sure the color is colors that white.
And is controlling this to safe and.
Go check it out.
You can see it over here.
Okay.
Now what we need to do.
Of others rule.
We can then take this to the center, to the bottom.
Okay.
So over this roll through has a property known as cross us alignment and we can see cross us alignment
dots.
And this is going to take it to the hand vertically.
That is basically what's to cross us is alignment doors for the rail is not going to affect it vertically.
Okay.
Like you can see now as well.
We can see.
Man.
Men's size.
Man sighs.
It is good to see what this does to mass.
Okay.
Really does nothing much to almost that had them much.
Then we're going to see what it does.
Akiko see.
You can see, basically, we can screw horizontally.
Now what we can do is within.
This this page read it better it's as something less cruel direction and we can see assess.
Aziz.
That's vertical.
You can see a lot of my year is in the go for the vertical.
Okay.
US.
Is that war?
No.
In the US.
Is that Vertica?
Okay.
This comes as the province is cruel, so it is not cruel behavior.
Russell Crowe directions.
So for that and.
You can see.
Okay, there's no way for this.
And you can see now you can see it's endless.
So you can just see the item blue there.
So we depend.
You also has a property known as item count and we can just see two for now.
And as well it has the controller property and it's going to be page.
Page controller and we can set the initial stage.
That is the first we do.
This is going to zero.
This is going to start form the first video you can associate to.
She's going to start from the in the battle video.
You can also say five is going to start from the number five video.
Okay.
And lastly, we can say viewport friction.
So when and where additional command and control are necessary.
Okay.
One to Syria.
You can see we have just Syria.
Okay, guys.
So in Essex, we're going to start building the things we need over.